OK.
For the zipper let's go back to our texture paint mode and I'll zoom in here and once again I have just
the torso selected.
So that's good.
You go to that front view again and let's work on this.
Now let me bring back that character right here and it looks like they've just have put a few dots going
up into the lapel and then down along here.
So let's just try and do that as well.
I'll go back to our active tool tab here.
I'll scroll down and let's now create a new color I'll drag this up and I get kind of a silver ish color
here Yeah let's do that.
Something about like this.
Let's do that.
And then what I'll do is just with that fall off brush still here with on the flat shape I'll then hit
the f key and bring that down quite a bit.
And I just want to make little dots going all the way down here so let's just tab.
No that's not strong enough.
I've got this strength all the way up let me turn off the pressure sensitivity here.
See if that helps.
Yes.
So that helps quite a bit.
Me turn that down a bit or reduce the size of the brush thumb and then I'm just going to come through
here and just add a little kind of a dot here just along here just to kind of hint at a zipper and I
want him to kind of overlap into the black just a bit this and I'm just clicking with the brush or the
pen tool I should say
let's see how this looks all right.
Let's zoom out and I'll go back to that object view object mode and let's see how that looks.
There yeah kind of looks like a zipper I think all right.
That's kind of fun.
Let's use that same color for the belt buckle.
But I think we're gonna have to find another color for the actual belt itself.
Let's go back to texture paint.
Let's hit Alt A to D like that and this time I just want to select the hips right here.
Go ahead and zoom in.
This go to the front view and I'd like some other color of brown here so let's see I've got this brown
for the coat.
Right.
This Brown was the coat but maybe I could use this for the belt let me try this.
I want to bring it down just a little bit more I'll save that.
Let's try this.
So I'll just hit the f key and bring the brush up and I'll just click and drag here and let's just paint
this color right on here and you can see that there.
So if that's the belt that's OK.
Let's go to object mode just to see how it blends in with the other colors.
All right.
I think that's pretty good.
I may want to do it on the top just so we don't get that bleed over on the top there.
Let's go back to texture paint and see what we can do there yes.
So let me just paint right up here as well.
Like that OK it didn't bleed over there didn't bleed over there I think we're OK on the bottom here.
That's not too bad.
Let's go back to object mode and see how that looks
all right.
So if that's the color of the belt I feel like it needs to be a little bit darker though.
Let's try that again.
Let's uh go down here.
Let's drag this down just a little bit more like this
save that one there.
Now let's come in and paint this again
something like this and then let's get that top part like this.
OK.
Now let's go back to object mode and see how it looks.
Yes.
So I just wanted something a little bit a little bit darker.
OK.
So we go back to texture paint mode grab that one key to go to our front or the graphic.
So now what I want to do is paint a belt buckle and to do that.
I think what I can do.
Oh I didn't save the color of the zipper.
Now did I what I could do is come in here and sample it off of here.
Let's do that.
Click here.
The eyedropper sample this and selected for the palette.
There we go.
So now I can make maybe the belt buckle from this although perhaps it should be a little bit darker.
Let's bring it down a little bit more like that.
We'll save that as well.
OK.
No harm done there.
So now to create a belt buckle maybe I'll just expand the brush and I'll just pull straight down.
Let's just try this
now.
Let me try again.
There we go.
So I just dragged straight through that to get the belt buckle and I think it's OK that that it isn't
on the top.
That's fine.
Now we need to do the same thing for the color of the pants.
So let me reduce this and let's go to the color of the pants.
I think that was this one.
Yeah.
That looks correct.
So now what let's do is create a little belt loops on the pants to do that I think I'll come up here
to the cemetery and turn on X Cemetery right here and then I'll just drag straight down like this so
I'm having trouble getting it straight.
Let me come up and on the stroke turn on smooth stroke click there and then I'm going to click up here
and drag and you can see I get this kind of tail and that might help me make things a little bit straighter.
Yeah.
And we go bring this down.
There we go.
All right.
Let's see how we look in object mode.
Yeah I think that's what we're looking for.
All right and once again we need to save our image image save.
We'll also save our blender file with control.
S and there we go.
We've got our textures for our Lego character.
He's looking pretty cool.
Let's now work on sculpting the hair.
You can see if we bring up another image here actually let me go to image open and find another reference
image say this one over here.
You can see that he's got a bit of sculpting happening here in the hair just a couple of strokes and
I'd like to go ahead and add something like that.
So in the next video what let's do is begin working on sculpting the hair.